it's hard to be French
to be proud right now at brussels of
to say to oneself this is my country wear the
responsibility to decide to bury a
regulation at European level
all this to protect some ships
deficit in addition we have today
in europe the possibility of
rid of a fishing method that
is pretty mind-boggling which is called the
deep water trawling are
huge fishing nets that pass
up to 2000 meters deep and which
devastate absolutely everything they
find that they are not selective
obviously since the trawl is picking up
everything is sorted on board the ship and
that obviously impacts directly the
bottom of the oceans because they are weighted
and they are drawn so they scrape the
funds
the problem obviously the method of
fisheries and that in those ecosystems that
are deprived of light life is unfolding
everything is wrong or valentine since there is
very little to eat it's cold
it's obscure so animals in
general live very long they get
reproduce late in their cycle
of life
we aim for a fairly low fertility
finally we really have one of
features that are aligned for
constitute one of the most
fragile and least resilient to the
disturbance that exists on earth the
trawling in deep water in devastating
makes a genetic heritage that is
common to humanity since this
resource she belongs cave to thoune
does not belong particularly to
industrial armaments and devastated
whole fields of thousand-year-old corals
centennial punches of fish that
often live beyond 100 years and that
actually looks like nets one can
well imagine that it be
nets that he passes in the middle water
pyramids of egypt that makes one fall
all that heritage that take the
mummies the pyramids shaving everything and
that we return it like in a landfill
that we leave misery in fact in the
trawl wake this would be totally
unacceptable if we could see that
obviously the problem of all this subject
that's happening in the water and in
more in the deep water so the
bottled divers can not even
not go filming the damage that is
caused
the economic profile of these fisheries and
facts so that without
the injection of public subsidies
so public money these peaches
would not even exist to finance their
development and finance their
exploitation
So here we are exploding in an aberration
which is total that it is ecological
economic the same ethics the
real consequences of our actions
we do not really have any idea since everything
is nested we begin to understand
with the birds the insects the
pollination typically but in
reality it took a long time to
that researchers go down this path
and understand how much we
are related to very small animals
who look completely insignificant
however we already know that when we are
facing a reservoir of biodiversity
gigantic where every time we put
nose under water with researchers
taxonomists who are capable
to identify species that brings them back
on the surface
we discover new species so
necessarily we discover animals that
have coping skills that
are new so molecules that
are new and in fact every time
that we discover new things we
realizes that there are certain
molecules that can be applied in
pharmacy in medicine in industry and
that it can serve us
so if we can not manage a
tiny sector or even an activity
which has a disproportionate impact on
the environment and even finances
public
but if we can not manage his share
political will but but what is it
we will know how to manage so we ate that
hope since I can see that there are
politicians who carry strong
a vision that are really there for
to say our role as politician is
of arbitrated decisions must be made
it is obvious that this fishing
belongs to the past
let's go and stop being scared
threats from lobbies it's not
some lobbies lorientais broke what
it's really a few individuals from the
city ​​of lorient who are really
mobilized around the fleet
intermarket since the fleet
inter-market most concerned by this
European regulation which may dictate a
European regulation must be stopped and
so that's our dear nation
French who bears the responsibility
to be burying a
a regulation of importance
absolutely essential for the
protection of the oceans in the 21st century
so we still have public opinion
petitions the petition that
the bloom association has bet on its site
who asks françois hollande to
mobilize to stop this rampage